Improve documentation with "Avoid" vs. "Prefer" and "Quick fix" (#403)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/macro_names.md

# Macro Names

> Macro names should consist only of uppercase alphanumeric characters separated by `_`, if
> applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Macro names should be written in SCREAMING_SNAKE_CASE.
```
😉

> Works on `.beam` file? Not really! (it consumes results Ok, but these might be unexpected)

## Problematic code

> This is a convention aimed at ensuring consistency, rather than a coding issue.

```erlang
-define('myMacro\'sDaBomb!'(), io:format("My macro's da bomb!~n")).
      % ^_macro name______^

myfun() -> ?'myMacro\'sDaBomb!'().
```

## Correct code

```erlang
-define(MY_MACROS_DA_BOMB(), io:format("My macro's da bomb!~n")).

myfun() -> ?MY_MACROS_DA_BOMB().
```

**Note**: this convention avoids the use of single quotes (`'`), improving readability and reducing
visual clutter.

## Rationale

> Although macros can technically be named using any valid atom syntax - including quoted atoms - most
> Erlang/OTP documentation adopts the unquoted, uppercase naming convention recommended by Elvis as
> the standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although macros can technically be named using any valid atom syntax - including quoted atoms - most
Erlang/OTP documentation adopts the screaming snake case convention recommended by Elvis as
the standard.
```
